Added note on possible circe import error in docs (#6450)
http4s/http4s: docs/docs/json.md

import org.http4s.implicits._
```

> Note: Under some setup options (we saw this in Scala 3.1.2 but not in 3.1.0), running `import io.circe._` might give you an error of `-- [E008] Not Found Error: value circe is not a member of io`. This means that `io` is set from some other package. In that case, you should run `import _root_.io.circe._`, analogously for the other `circe` imports.
> 

Reviewer: This will make it render in an "info box" :)

```suggestion
@:callout(info)

Under some setup options (we saw this in Scala 3.1.2 but not in 3.1.0), running `import io.circe._` might give you an error of `-- [E008] Not Found Error: value circe is not a member of io`. This means that `io` is shadowed from some other package. In that case, you should run `import _root_.io.circe._`, analogously for the other `circe` imports.

@:@
```
